# 01 März - Freitag - Berlin - 528 Tag der Einwanderung - Sunny

So, today Navalny was finally buried. It happened. Thousands of people went to say good to him. This is really bad day. I was really surprised of number of people. It was incredible. From other side the day was simple. Nothing significant happened. Another bunch of good was delivered, another round of getting tranlations was done. I have a hope to send all these documents to Government on Monday. In general will see how it works. Also Ksusha has been thinking about buying tickets to Russia. I am scary about her intentions. I don't know what will be there. Elections are very close and I am afraid of closing borders. So I don't know. I am about to ask her to cancel everything.

# 02 März - Samstag - Berlin - 529 Tag der Einwanderung - Sunny

I like Saturdays. Ususally I do not do anything these days. Today we were at new national gallery here. It's a museum that focuses on DDR and FRG art. The difference between two camps is reflected very well. After that we came back home and spent time there. Besides that I bought another vinyl. It's Red Hot Chilly Peppers Mother's Milk. I like this classic album very much and hapyy to have it in my collection. Besides that I found a couple of coold disks on Amazon that I will buy next month. Also Ksusha finally bought tickets for visiting of Russia. She will go there in almost two weeks. I am not happy about that and I am very nervouse. I don't want her going to the place. But she wants. So, ok. I suppose that everything will be fine, but I don't know. I feel how the situation turned horrible.

# 03 März - Sonnstag - Berlin - 530 Tag der Einwanderung - Sunny

The day was heavy. I did a lot of things that I should and others that I wanted to do. So, the day was heavy but nice. I prepared another note for linkedin, found several meetups that I want to visit and then started building server for holy theory. In the evening we were on Dune 2. The movie was really cool and beautiful. I enjoed wathing it very much. The only problem is that it was in German. I didn't understnad anything almost. But again the movie was cool. After that I did homework successfully. After that I did sport and so, the day has been finished.

# 04 März - Montag - Berlin - 531 Tag der Einwanderung - Sunny

This day was really cool. I had a german lesson and then I was partisipating in public speaking club for the first time. It was cool. I will try to participate there next time and maybe buy membership. I will think about it. Tomorrow I will go to the office because I need to do it. Additionally I released another version of holy theory. Besides that I finally understood how to handle problem with retool and firebase setup. IT's important for bolshakov.tech improvement. Addtionally I got another bunch of interviews that is nice. Tomorrow I will recieve all needable documents for sending to german government. I've been waiting for this with exitements.

# 05 März - Dienstag - Berlin - 532 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

The office day was today. I talked to guy there a lot and in general the day was very communicative. It's really cool because It was my goal to meet some people from other cultures and have fun. In happened. Additionally I did everything that I should do. It also nice. Ksusha got an offer from one studio that she likes. It's amazing. Besides that the studio paid her 5k roubls for a test task. It's also amaizing. In general she is about to start working and I am happy about it. I love her and I believe in her power as well. In general the day was nice. oh I recalled one thing. I had a cognetive test that I don't know how to pass. Moreover this test was in English which is a bullshit. In russian I pass this exersies better.

# 06 März - Mittwoch - Berlin - 533 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

I am so happy that I started reading Solaris by Stanislav Lem. It's classic book that I didn't touch for unexpected reasons. Also Ksusha agreed to join to one deisgn studio that will give her an experience in her work. It's extremely cool. I am so happy and proud of her. She is amazing. Also Tupa Germania finally are about to send my documents to Rrzhev where Ksusha's mom pick up them and when Ksusha is here she will take them and carry to Berlin. It's so weird that I live in Berlin actually. It's something surreal. This evening me and Ksusha where in Sultan Hammam. It's a real hammam here in Belrin. We took a great batch and got some pilling that was nice. I relaxed a lot and then it made my day.

# 07 März - Dotterstrag - Berlin - 534 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

I was talking to people for a whole day. Firstly I had an interview with one guy from company that is on Alexanderplaz. After that I lead restrospective and was talking for an hour. After that I expirienced a german lesson. Besides that I was in the shop three times today that is absolutely crazy and non efficient. Also I went to Alexa and boguth 8 march present for Ksusha. Then I called to my unkle and congritulated him with his birthday. Other than that I tried to do everything and got tiered very much. After evening sport I just want to lay down and die. The day was nice and hard. Tomorrow is a day off. 8th of march is always nice day. I don't want to do nothing but I will because I didn't finish a lot of things this week. I just didn't have time unfortunately.

# 08 März - Freitag - Berlin - 535 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

So, I doesn't feel well today. For some reasons I am very nervouse and see only bad things everywhere. However I congratulated all women I know with international women day. I consider this day as very importand date. Besides that I didn't do anything in the first part of the day, after that we were in Neuköln and walked in a garden there. The place was nice but again weed was in the air. I don't like it. Moreover I think that it should be prohibited because it affects human brain very much. However my brain rested a little bit today and I can do something else now. Tomorrow we are going to humbold univercity library. After that we will walk a bit and come back home. After all this things I am goung to refactor builder for holy theory finally and to do it a bit better. So in general I did everything I should do but with having much more free time and this is great.

# 09 März - Samstag - Berlin - 536 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

Today We were in Tegel. The road to that place was extremely long. Belins transport did't work well again. It was really painful. However Tegel as a district is perfect. Firstly we wisited Humboldt library which is an example of postmodern style. The enter to the place is absolutely free. Secondly we walked around and found (=)) a cool lake. I so miss lakes and sea itself that I was just happy to see big (not so much) water. It was really nice. The we came back home on 4 types of transport because of constructions and strikes. Yea, it's berlin. In the evenin I bought drill because I don't have a tool for setting mirror in bathroom. I will do it tomorrow. So it general I am happy about today's holiday but I am extremely tiered. After finishing writing down these line I will go to bathroom and then to my perfect bad. Good night.

# 10 März - Sonnstag - Berlin - 537 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

Standard Sunday has been finished. It's really sad because I would like to have a rest for one more week. I hung a mirror to my bathroom and this is good. Also I did all german homework wich is also very cool. Tomorrow I will have another lesson with that guy. Besides that I didn't do anthing. The sport is still on my place and it's really cool. Oh, I recalled I prepared another post about management that I will share on Linkedit next week. Today I pick deligation topic. Maybe next time I will take something from this topic and expand in other posts. I didn't decide it yet. Also Ksusha is going to Russia next week. Basically in 3 days. I am not happy about that I feel nervous. I am scary about her and things that might happen. I hope everything will be good. but it's too sensitive thing. 

# 11 März - Montag - Berlin - 538 Tag der Einwanderung - Warm Sunny

Monday is always hard day. I did a lot of thingks and didn't think a lot about something. I did another release of holy theory, finished some tasks. In the morning and after work I was in supermarket. I finished mounting of mirror in bathroom and now it's connected directly to switcher on a wall and this is very convinient and nice. Also I texted to Sergey Dzeboev. He is my ex college, we were working together in DR SMILE. He is nice guy and sometimes it's cool to know what happenes to him. Also german government asked me for another piece of documents today. I was very scared when got a message from them. Luckily they didn't ask for anything specific, just income confirmation for december and january. I send two payslips to them.

# 12 März - Dienstag - Berlin - 539 Tag der Einwanderung - Warm Sunny

Ksusha is flying tomorrow morning. We are going to the airport together and then I come to the office. This day was very productive, I wrote some code and did a lot of interesting things. In the evening we went for a walk and found one cool vegan cafe whete I ate vegan duck. It was tasty but a little bit weird. Also I got an appointment for teeth CT and another appointment to a doctor due to other problem. In general nothing happened today. I am just sad and nervouse because of Ksushash trip.

# 13 März - Mottwoch - Berlin - 540 Tag der Einwanderung - Warm Sunny

So Ksusha is flying to Russia. She is still on the road. I accompanied her to the ariport this morning and everything was nice. We arrived to Antalia but something happened to weather and her connection flyigt was delayed significantly. It's crazy. She is still an airplan. It's sad because I cannot imagine how she is tiered. From my side I spent a day in the office and then came back home. Everything was nice because I had also scheduled meetup. Unfortunately this meetup was just a drink party that I don't like. So I decided to avoid this and after wasting some time in a tram came back home. I feel like someone just stole my time. It's sad but not sooooooo crusial and critical. Now I am preparing myself to sleep. I am going to do usual evening things and have a rest. Tomorrow I am going to do a lot of things. I have a very impornat interview and then some other stuff, including german lesson. I still need to do homework but I will do it tomorrow without any problems. So yea. I am going to sleep now. See you tomorrow.

# 14 März - Donnerstag - Berlin - 541 Tag der Einwanderung - Warm Sunny

So, I got an invitation from foreign office of Germany. Unfortunately Ksusha will be not here because of her travel to Russia. Tomorrow I will try to reschedule the appointment. Besides that Ksusha finally arrived to saint-p. She experienced a delay on the second flyigt and afte rthat huge queue on Russian border. This fucking morons check people for 10 minutes for person. They are absolutely crazy. After the beginning of the war they get insane every day more and more. Another topic. I had an interview today with hiring manager. Unfortunately it was unsuccessful. I wasn't in good shape for a talk and did everything wrong. It's really sad. I fucked this up. So, Now I will go to bathroom and go to sleep. I didn't enjoy this day.

# 15 März - Freitag - Berlin - 542 Tag der Einwanderung - Warm Sunny

So, I visited a meetup Ironhach. I watched several presentation of people tha finished learning in that bootcamp. It was nice and funny. I will do some articles and posts about it next week. Besides that I didn't feel well in the morning and could do a lot of things. Surely I tried but could not. I need to compensate this tomorrow of the day after tomorrow. I need to do this. Basically I will do it. Also I need to do test task from one of companies. I will work on it tomorrow. Basically beside voting in empassy on Sunday I will code a lot. I need to concentrate and do good things. Yea. Also my mood in the morning was ablolutely bad. bootcamp event fixed is. I am happy.

# 16 März - Samstag - Berlin - 543 Tag der Einwanderung - Warm Sunny

The day was hard. I spent almost 5 hours on reading documentation for working on test task from Doodle. Tommorow I am going to finish working on it. In the morning I will go to russian embassy in order to vote. I don't know what kind of strategy I want to select but I will come up with it tomorrow. Besides that I walked a little bit and did some other things. Basically this is it. Tomorrow I will wake up early morning and proceed working on test task. I will take laptop and work from some cafe or library. I don't want to be at home for a whole day. It will be sad. So yea. I am going to sleep. Tomorrow will be hard day I need to do a LOT.

# 17 März - Sonntag - Berlin - 544 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

So, I voted today. I spent 2 hours in queue to Embassy. It was crazy. I think that several thousands of people came to the place. Unfortunately a capacity of the Empassy was really small and a lot of people could not voted. After that I visited cafe, warmed myself a little bit and then visited rally. I saw Khodorkovsky. It's a Russia billioner that spend almost 10 years in prison due to conflict with Putin. So, that was interesting. After that I was working on test tast for Doodle. I think I ruined the task and they will refuse me. I expect it and will not wait for the next call. It will not make sence. In general day was nice but I am tiered again. This is shit. I also need to accomplish a lot of things tomorrow morning for XU. My debt is quite hight. So, I will wake up and jump to the problem. It was my day.

# 18 März - Montag - Berlin - 545 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

It's fucking cold today. I spent the whole day in apartments because it was just freeze outside. However Idid a lot of interesting things today and also I had a german lesson. I always try to do my best there but it's just hard. Tomorrow after work I will go Angular meetup wich is really cool. I am going to enjoy it very much. Besides that I did another release holy theory and prepared post of last meetup about that bootcamp.

# 19 März - Dienstag - Berlin - 546 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

Today I visited an Angular meetup. It was quite nice I met some people but I didn't get anything new. However it was the first time when I saw a presentation of an engineer that promoted his own library. It was nice. Also I added a lot of new people to my network. I enjoyed it a lot. Besides that I didn't have anything new and specific today. I was warking and thinking about the futur but nothing more. The meetup was on Kottbuser Tor and I was on this place for the first time at night. This area is notoriously famouse in Gerlin. I saw a lot of junkies and some suspition people. It was crazy but the way. I even saw how a group of people shared some stuff from stolen luggage. It was crazy again. I never saw it before.

# 20 März - Mittwoch - Berlin - 547 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

Office day was nice. I printed some important documents and got cool task to work. It's nice. Besides that I didn't do anyrthing imporant. I had a german lesson today, I asked to reschedule it because I will for to Reactjs meetup tomorrow and there is a confilct in my calendar. I really miss Ksusha. it's the first time when she is in Russia without me for so long period of time. It's sad. However I try to do my best and be normal.

# 21 März - Donnerstag - Berlin - 548 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

I feel so unmotivated for doing anything. It's really bad. I've been trying to find something that can bring me back to normal state. I didn't go to dodays meetup because I just wasn't ready. Instead of this I played Road Rash 3 on emulator a little bit and went for a walk. I walked from my home to Alexander platz. It's just 50 minutes walking and I enjoyed it very much. I tood some cool photos and looked at night Berlin. Sometime I fell so surrealistic that I live in this city. Back in the days at home I could not imagine living here. My life turted to some unusual direction and I still feel wierd. At the same time I achieved more than I expected beign children. It's so strange. Germany and Berlin itself looked as something like wonderland for me. But I am here. I am about to get local residency and so on. It's really unusual. I try to do my best and even increase my success. Sometimes I forget that I already did so many things for changing my life to better direction. Another important thing - the war came to Belgorod - russian city that is very close to Russian-Ukranian border. Putin stole our present. This crazy maniac broke us.

# 22 März - Freitag - Berlin - 549 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Rainy

So today Tomasz from my job told us that he will stop working for XU company. It will happen because his emplyer - an outsource company cannot achieve some ISO that is reaquired from XU side. It is really sad shit. However it doesn't touch my plans. So The whole day was dedicated to calls. In general nothing happened today besides that news about breaking of a contract. so yea, the day wasn't so hard and pressured. this is it.

# 23 März - Samstag - Berlin - 550 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Rainy

Today I finally visited museum of Tecknology. I finally saw Z1 - the fist mecachanical computer. Also There are a lot of cools things, like steam trains, boats, airplanes and a lot of cool things. Also I had a call with my nepew Arseniy. He is a son of Ksishas sister. Nice guy, very clever. I hope his behaviour will not be broken afer pubertat. I also finally visited holocoust memorial and gypsy genocide one. I wanted to see them for a very long time. After that I sit at Pert and coded. It's cool because I didn't have mood for coding for a very long time. I am not so motivated in general. In general the day nice. Another important event that I didn't wrote down yesterday because I finshed with diary before that. Yeseterday in Russia the huge terroristic act happened. Bandits with AK went to City Concety Hall and just started murdering people. After that they fired the place the left it. Hudnreds of people were killed and injured. The building is burnt. Specal service is still looking for people there. I believe that the final number of killed people will be more. Terrorists were cought on a highway in Bryans region. The first vertion tells that there were connecter to ISIS.

# 24 März - Sonstag - Berlin - 551 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Rainy

The day was nice. I spent the half of it in coding. This is amazing. I successfully set up graphql connection and this is really cool because I had struggels with upderstanding of this concept. After that I wrote another management post and I feel so good because of it. In general the day was nice. Ksushe is moving back to Saint-Petersburg and tomorrow's evening she is flying back to Germany. The day after tomorrow I will meet her finally. It's also soooooo, good.

# 25 März - Montag - Berlin - 552 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Rainy

Sp, the day was nice. XU manager finally announced that our theam will be cut in 2 times. It's sad but I am already ok. Also I was coding for a whole day. I need to meet Ksusha in airport tomorrow. I also did some cleainig and had a nice lessson with my German teacher. Everything is very important. I am really happy that Ksusha will come back to me. It's not a coming back home bacause I still don't feel in Berlin cozy and like I am home. Really it's hard. If I would immigrate alot I could not handle this. Immigration is really hard things.

# 26 März - Dienstag - Berlin - 553 Tag der Einwanderung - Cold Sunny

Today I met Ksusha in Airport and it was very very good. She came back and I am happy about it. I also had an interview. I hope to have something positive there. I am not sure about it but maybe. Ksusha brought my arduino, some thing from India, a couple of jackets and so. I am really gald to have it. Tomorrow we are going to international office and finish achieving of our documents. It's a hight chance that I will get blau card. If it happens I will be amazingly happy. But the final thing I will know tomorrow. Also I need to visit a doctor tomorrow and take a phot of my teeth. I had a surger in october of november and it's important to check if it was successful. That's it.

# 27 März - Mittworch - Berlin - 554 Tag der Einwanderung - Warm Sunny

The day was perfect. My blau card has been aprooved and I need just to wait for a plastic card. In fact it is already valid. I am really happy about that. After this point I visited dentist and did Computer Tomography investigation. So, in genereal all these things were really cool and extencieve. The day was nice. Another thing is that I finally recieved salary. It's also good. After moving to Germany I started feeling money again beause in Russia and Armenia I had enough money for everything. Here it is not a case yet. If I get another job I will have definetely better salary. Anyway, it's still my goal. I have a quite big ambitious.

# 28 März - Donnerstag - Berlin - 555 Tag der Einwanderung - Warm Sunny

So, this day was really hard. I barely could handle it. I did really a lot of thing related to my project and so things. Also there was a final meeting with people from my team that were attached to Polish contractor. Unfortunately XU had to stop communicate to them. Surely I feel a little bit sad about it, but it's not a first such event in my life. Sometimes it happens. Yea, this is a life. In the evening I had another German lesson and it was really hard because I barely could think. I need to do a lot of exercises this weekend in order to fill all gaps. Additionally I need to start learn words. Not I am really bad in it and constantly forget them. It's really shitty shit.

# 29 März - Freitag - Berlin - 556 Tag der Einwanderung - Warm Sunny

Easter is almost started. Today is a good friday. I celebrate it for the first time in my life because I grew up in orthodox culture and there is another schedule for church holidays. In general I coded a lot and also updated holy theory that is extremely cool thing. Afte some working hours me and Ksuhsa were in a gallery that is located in Banana Bunker. It's the bunker that was build in 1942 in order to protect people in that area. After the ww2 the building was reshaped just to a warehouse. After falling of the wall the place became a techno club. Several years ago is was closed and then the building was renovated. Current owners of it located a private art gallery. So, we visited it. The interesting point that almost all pieces of art located there have conceptions. Hopefully we had a guide that explaned everything to us. It was fun. His english was native. I like it and got a lot of pleasure listening to him. So, yea. It was my day.

# 30 März - Samstag - Berlin - 557 Tag der Einwanderung - Warm Sunny

Today I just had a rest and almost did nothing. We had a nice breakfast and the did nothing. Unfortunately Ksusha got sick a little bit and we could not walk for a long time. We finally visited Tempelhof field. It was a very important airdrom here it Berlin that was build by nazi party in 1930th approxemetely. After WW2 this place was window to the west for The West Berlin. Right now it is a huge park. In general it was nice. I am going to this part to ride on skateboard. Also we finally bought all tickets and rent an apartments in Venice. I've never been there and will be really happy explore the place. I also will be happy to celebrate by birthday there. I will turn 36 years old.

# 31 März - Sonstag - Berlin - 558 Tag der Einwanderung - Warm Sunny

So, this is the last day of March (thank you capitan Obvious). Also today is easter fest. It's a family holiday here in German. To be honest It doesn't look like this. It's mostly a tradition than a religious holiday. It's really nice and cool. I don't like any kind of religions but respect people who it helps living. Today I was coding,learning, getting all kind of intellectual pleasures. I finally found time for learning German. I don't when I was concentrating on somthing last time. Additionally I did some sport that is also nice. Another cool thing that I enjoy very much - biography of Einstein. The book was written by Walter Isaacson. This person writes biographies usually. It's also cool because helps to recall and improve my english. In general the day was extremely productive.
