# 01 May - Mittwoch  - Berlin - 587 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

Today was a holiday that I really enjoyed. I did a lot of things during the day including german lesson, programming, some other projects. In general I dedicated the whole day to myself. Tomorrow morning I am going to a doctor and then to the office. I was not there for a while, so I would like to be there, after that I will go a meetup. But it's also depends on my abilities. The day will be hard. Additionally I was on toastmasters meeting and even did some improvisation. I enjoyed it very much and liked it a lot. Something really cool was in that meeting. I contacted to some people there and spent great time. I will definitely join the next one. It will be on the next week and if I am ok I will join it. Now I need to go to the bathroom and to sleep. The day was nice but it's over.

# 02 May - Donnerstag  - Berlin - 588 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

Today I was in the doctor office and gave them my blood. It's the first step of my health checkup that I really want to do. I came to him and all procedure took just 10 minutes. Just after that I went to the XU office and spent cool time there. Me and my colleges had a great dinner there and cool conversation about everything. It was really cool. After that I came back home and my german lesson was cancelled because of my teacher's vacation. He told that an internet connection was really poor at his place and we decided to do a lesson then Monday according the schedule. Tomorrow I am going to surgery which is very important thing. Additionally I send the email to Visible that I would like to join their company. I also asked additional questions. I expect to have them angered tomorrow. So, yes. I've been changing my job.

# 03 May - Freitag  - Berlin - 589 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

The surgery went smooth. I went to the hospital early morning and did all preparations they asked me to do. I did everything well and if you see this lines I am still alive. It's really cool. Ksusha supported me and went to the hospital to pick me up. Without her I should be there for 24 hours. It's a very important part of healing process. Surely I feel pain and my mood is not so good, but I needed to do this. After that I need to focus on sport again, in other case the situation will repeat. I also got a call from Visable and we clarified several question I asked. The conversation was nice and went well. Everything was nice. Addionally DR SMILE didn't send me an email they promised. I am not surprised because they are really poorly organized. In general the day was nice.

# 04 May - Samstag  - Berlin - 590 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

So, today I felt ok and we even went for a walk in the city. We visited nice greek cafe and then went to designer week. The exhibition was so bad that I could not imagine that so big world center like Berlin can have so badly done events. The good side of it that I got two shoppers (bags) and ate some snacks for free. It was nice. In the evening I did nothing and had a rest. Unfortunately It's imposible to recover after surgery in one day. anyway, I don't feel bad and it's nice. Maybe the situation will change. I will see. Oh, the one big difference I wanted to say, here in Germany doctors tend to avoid medications if they are not necessary. It's a big difference from russian or armenian doctors. The russian medical school tend to prescribe medication in order to decrease the level of uncomfortableness.

# 05 May - Sonstag  - Berlin - 591 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

Today I did a short walk in the morning and we had a big cleaning. I hate such things especially that I have some continuances of the surgery. However I tried to do my best and clan everything well. I believe I did a great job. Ksusha also did everything very very well. In general I was so tiered that I just had laid down to my bad and spent the rest of the day there. Also I wanted to menton that I started reading autobiography of George Washington last week. It's so interesting to dive intro the so well shaped text every that it was translated to russian. Surely the words are different but the text structure is the same. Maybe in the future I need to do some analysis of the text. Right now I just enjoy the text and read it. It's cool, smart, and interesting.

# 06 May - Montag  - Berlin - 592 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

This monday was calm and simple. Nothing really impressive happened today. I just spent some time on work and did other tasks. I am going to writing mentality step by step. I am closer to this every day. I like it very much. It looks like a future for me. I need to change my effort to a little bit other direction. It's a fact. I am so bored with programming and tiered of it. Maybe something will happen and I will back to coding but for now I just don't want to do it. Something really changed in my mind. It's so strange.

# 07 May - Dienstag  - Berlin - 593 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

A lot of things changed today. Firstly I was in my doctor office. He explained what I had in my blood test results. Everything is fine in general. Also he asked me to sit at home this week and don't do anything. I am happy about it because it is a legal opportunity for me to just have a rest. Additionally I visited Dr SMILE office and one guy from the company helped me to talk to lawyer and get payout letter. It's really cool. Thank you Tobi. After that I met Jürgen. He is a CTO of Wunderflats the company that I could not join six month ago approximetely. I texted to this person and offered to have a lunch and he finally texted to me back. This meeting was nice. Also I had a german class today. I finally started undestanding this damn language a little bit.

# 08 May - Mittwoch  - Berlin - 594 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

The sum that I got from payout letter is so low that I can understand why they asked me to sign additional NDA. It's so crazy. DRSMILE feels really bad. it's crazy. Anyway this about of money will be enough for me to fix my teeth finally. I am happy about it. In the evening I was on toastmasters meeting. It was cool and I enjoyed all activiites and speaches of that people. In the future when I join ot the place I can even add it to my CV. I will definetly do it. Also I signed a contract with Visable. I will be a part of the company. I need to say about it to XU in a week. Another page of my life has turned.

# 09 May - Donnerstag  - Berlin - 595 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

Today I just did nothing. It's a holiday in Berlin and we were chilling for a chole day. Additionally we cleaned the apartment that is very important and nice. I like to be in a cleaned place. To be hones I don't know what to add here. I finished a autobiography by Franklin. It was nice and I was impressed by the person and the how he impacted the world and the US in general. Besides that I did tons of German tasks and had a class.

# 10 May - Freitag  - Berlin - 596 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

We were thinking about visiting of Rugen island but cancelled the idea due to a bad weather there. It's sad but not so because I feel bad after surgery. Nothing happened. I don't understand why doctors didn't presribed antibiotics to me. My ass is in pain. I decided to start using one gel that helped me when I was surgered last time in Russia. However my condition is not so good. It's crazy. As I see my body cannot handle it easily. It's sad.

# 11 May - Samstag  - Berlin - 597 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

We finally visited two central libraried in under den linded area. Those places are so cool from architecture perspective and in general. My dream comes true. In the future I am going to visit the place again ang again for obtaining some silance get inspiration, concentrate on my writing things and so. This week is my last chilling one. I need to focus on my future role that will be started on 1st of june. It's really important to be prepared.

# 12 May - Sonstag  - Berlin - 598 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

Today I sit at home and do nice things. I was finished with a lot of important stuff that I planned before and so on. German class, some programming, some writing gained my mood. I feel nice. The gel I started using for recovery is really helping me. I don't feel well but better than yesterday for example. The recovery process is so slow that I don't know what to think. It's crazy. Howevery I am trying to be calm and not overrating my confition. I am trying to behaive well and correctly in such nerviouse situation. Additonally I lost a piece of tooth. It's sad because I will see a dentist in August in a best case. Until that moment I need to save the tooth somehow.

# 13 May - Montag - Berlin - 599 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

The weather is really nice. My recovery after surgery is still in progress and goes quite smoothly. I still in paid but I will be ok in a couple of week. At least I hope so. The money situation is not so good. I don't have a lot of them in my pocket and this is really sad and bad in general. I hope to recieve additoinal money from DR SMILE that will save me very much. I need to find a way how to send them to Germany as well. In general the day was nice. I am a little bit nervause about quitting of XU group. It's impossible to solve. It's just a part of my life. I need to do so steps.

# 14 May - Dienstag - Berlin - 600 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

I did it and talked to Paul about my quitting. He was not so happy about it but got it with understanding. Now I am in two weeks transition period when I aleady quit from my curreny job but don't join to new one. It's always painful thing for me. Due to money problem I canont join to Toasmasters this month. It's sad and I am not happy about it. At the same time I will do everything next month. I am going to join to them from June. Everything will be fine. Besides that I am on a good track in terms of learning German. I do my best for gaining skills and obtaining knowlage. In general the day was nice.

# 15 May - Mittowoch - Berlin - 601 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

This day was nice. Yesteday I shared to Paul that I am going to leave the company. I am also have been waiting for a contract from Visable side. I hope to recieve it this week. It would be perfect. The weather is beautiful. It's really summer. However my motivation is under the floor. It's sooooo slow. I cannot find power for finishing tasks of XU. It's so hard. We are almost out of money and this is bad. I try to be calm but it's hard. I decided not going to Toasmasters today. becasue I am so tiered.

# 16 May - Donnerstag - Berlin - 602 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

Today I was on meetup in Thoughswork. They prepare TechRadar report where they aggregate information of trend in new technologoes. The bunch of experts select products, technologies, languager, etc and assess them. It was nice and interesting. Additionally I had a german lesson that I enjoyed very much. Besides that I recieved a contract from Visable and prepared a statement about leaving to XU. Everything goes nice and Visable even didn't do a mistake in salary point. It's nice. In general the day was nice. I enjoyed it very much.

# 17 May - Freitag - Berlin - 603 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

I was in the office today and gave written statement to an administrator. Everything went smoothly. I forgot to write down yesterday that I feel much better now. It's so cool. I am so tiered of the situation with my ass. The treatment process is very long right now that is very sad. The gel that I bought in Russia helps me a lot. In general the day was nice. the weather is really hot. I recieved an offboarding todolist from XU that I need to fill the next week. The cool thing is that Monday is a holiday and non working day here.

# 18 May - Samstag - Berlin - 604 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

The day wasn't so differenct from all others I had. It was a cheat meal day that I usually really like. We were on a lake today and were walking there. I still in shock that Berlin is so green city. It's surely a big metropolice in the central Europe but the weather is extremely cool and all other things about climate are also nice. I was working on builder3 today a lot wich is not so new thing but very important. In two week I will be on aother job that is makes me really nervouse.

# 19 May - Sontag - Berlin - 605 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

The weather is again really cool. However we had to spend a lot of time at home because of list of things to do. Ksusha was working on her things I was reading and doing builder3 and managerial things. The day was busy. Tomorrow is another holiday that makes me hapy and so joyful. I am really tiered and would be happy to just refresh myself. Surely we were walking across the district but in general nothing else.

# 20 May - Montag - Berlin - 606 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

I recieved really horrible news today. One of my close fiends Паша Пащеня passed away. He suffered from diabetis and had other health issues. Let me be frank, he was an alcoholic and his death is the end of his habits. It was so bad piece of news that I was crying first time for many months. I was citting in ST.Oberholz when Andrey Odinsov texted me about it. Surely I could not do anything else today. I am in shock. Luckily today is a holiday and I don't have any work for XU. I don't know anything about burials but will get an information.

# 21 May - Dienstag - Berlin - 607 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

Today I texted to my ex friend that was really close buddy, almost brother - Vadim Erokhov. I delivered a piece of news about Pasha. Besides that I was in Visable office today. I needed to bring a signed contract. So I did it. Additionally I was in the XU office and did some other things. The guy that supposed to be from Morocco is actually from Saudi Arabia. I could not expect this. Now I understand why he is so religious. It's normal. In the evening I was on a product meetup that wasn't so interesting but I decided to refresh myself in some other society.

# 22 May - Mitwoch - Berlin - 608 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

I found an information about Pashas burials. One of his colleegs sent me his mother's number and I just texted her several good words. She informed me about everything and I sent the information to my frieds. They we go to the ceremony tomorrow. It's so sad that I cannot go and say good buy to Pavel. It's sad. Also I decided pass today's toastmasters meeting because I just wasn't in a mood for it.

# 23 May - Donnerstag - Berlin - 609 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

Pasha was buried. To be preiece his family burned him. It's ok I believe. The all day I dedicated to a work and didn't do anything specific. I was doing german, builder3, and prepared all information that I should share to XU colleeges. It's importand stuff. I am good. Additoinally I feel so bad because I am almost out of money. The situation with tax office almost destroyed me. It was so bad. I hope that I will return that money back next year.

# 24 May - Freitag - Berlin - 610 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

I spent an hour in a queue to doctor. I needed to do ultrasonic diagnostics that showed that I don't have any problems with health. I am happy about it. The rest of the day I was doing standard things. The only significant moment that I finished an article about stealing of attention. It's really good. Additionally I got a confirmation that a salary is already sent. It's nice. Maybe I will have in on my account on monday. I hope so.

# 25 May - Samstag - Berlin - 611 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

We were in Tiergarden today. It's so cool there today. I enjoyed our walk. It was really nice and refreshing. I was thinking about many things today. in general I am in a good track in terms of goals. I have not sterted working for Visable yet but already planning the future. I will be not surprices if in 5 years I will be in the US. Will see. Besies that I did nothing today. It was just calm and nice day. Oh,! I sceduled a trial training next thirsday.

# 26 May - Sonntag - Berlin - 612 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

I prepared profiles of all my future peers. It's really nice. I already started preparations to my new job. It's important. Also we were walking today. I try to dedicate more time to Ksusha because she feels lonely here in Berlin. It's sad but true. Besides that I was working on Builder3 that is very important project. I cannot postpone it or cancel. I am about to finish full refactoring of the project that is really nice and imporant. If I finish working on it next week it will be perfect. Will see.

# 27 May - Montag - Berlin - 613 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Rainy

Everything is really good today. I did a lot of things and besides that it's the last week here for me. I am really happy about it. At the same time I am a little bit nervouse. Step by step my documents moves from working laptop to mine one. I gradually saying good buy to XU company. It's good. In the evening I had a german class. It's really hard to learn this language. Surely English was also extremely difficult for me. But this one is much harder due to absence of vocabulary. I don't have word's collection in my memory.

# 28 May - Dienstag - Berlin - 614 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Rainy

Good news from DR SMILE. They asked me to prepare additional documents and it looks like that I will have money on my account next week. It's really nice. Besides that I did nice update for Holy Theory project. In general it looks better and better now. I enjoy it very very much. I like new architecture and maintainability of the project. In general the day was nice but hard. Not all things can be done smoothly.

# 29 May - Mottwoch - Berlin - 615 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

Nothing significat happened today. I just worked and did my own tasks. I don't have anything in XU to finish. I've done with everything. In general they even could free me but I decided to turn my vacation days to money. It's because I am fucking greedy. Also I visited toastmasters club and won my first "the best table topic" thing. Table topic master asked me "Whom from my relatives I could select and move to this place" smth like this. Since I moved to Germany because of the was also I spoke about my mother. It was honest and emotional. It's always easy to say truth.

# 30 May - Donnerstag - Berlin - 616 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

I was on EMS training today. In the end of it I felt a little bit sick =) It was not a problem but still. So what is ems training? It's when you wear special sute that stimulates your musles and you can do less repeats but increase efficency of your exercises. So, yes, It was nice. I hope to get a price next week and decide if I would like to proceed such activity. Also I paid for toasmasters and I am officially a member now. I am happy about it because It was always my dream to be able speaking in from of audience. Will see what will be the result. In the evening I had a german lesson and felt awful.

# 31 May - Freitag - Berlin - 617 Tag der Einwanderung - Hot Sunny

Finaly day with XU was nice. We spend nice time in the office I returned all equipment and in general everything wen smoothly. In my final retro we firstly just chatting about everything including AI and Paul forces to ChatGPT that were run on two phone to have a conversation. It's was really funny. The intersting moment also happened - Ludwig who is a HR intern was robbed. His working laptop, keys, some personal things were stolen. I am not happy about him. I hope that he has good insurance.