# 03 April 2022

Hello everybody! My name is Vladimir Bolshakov and this is my first note in the git diary. I've decided to start these notes in order to improve my English skills and avoid my native russian language usage. Maybe some of these words and sentences will become articles on Medium platform or somewhere else. While writing the first version of each text I will not use spelling systems for grammar checking. 

More than one month, Russians have been at war with Ukraine. It's extremely sad, but Russia is evil. I cannot live with it. I do not want to be a part of this evil. But I am. I was born in this damn country.

# 04 April 2022

Today I am depressed a lot. I hate this war. I cannot accept this. Putin should be fired. He should be prisoned. He should be sued. The dictator is a real traitor of Russia.

# 05 April 2022

Today I visited the tax office. This is the first step of immigration preparation. I hope everything will be ok. Meditation works.

# 06 April 2022

I published a note about SSJ-100. I've been waiting for money from Drsmile. There are problems again there. I hate it and it's probably happened due to sanctions. I really want to immigrate asap. I also will talk with the CEO today. It's good. After work I will go to the barber.

# 07 April 2022

Today was a full day of meetings. Car battery was dead, and I didn't understand why. I put the accumulator in my kitchen and plugged it to the charger. So, I hope I can use car today's evening.

# 08 April 2022

Today I've got just a day off. I didn't do anything. Me and Ksenia came to the coast for the Gulf of Finland. It was a rare sunny day. 

# 09 April 2022

It's a very interesting time. I am trying not to be insane. It's really hard to think about the future. Today I've made my usual diary entry. It was the second one made on an ipad. Unfortunately I cannot connect a microphone to a phone due to problems with the usb-c connector. But the iPad works. By the way, I am writing it using the web version of GitHub. Maybe in the future I will start writing notes with more details. I do not know. Now It's just an improvisation. Thanks.

# 10 April 2022

Since that day I have only written English for publication. I also feel bad. tomorrow I write more

# 12 April 2022

Tomorrow I didn't have the power to write my ideas. Today Is the same. Only think that I can fix it - I've visited MVD today in order to update my foreign passport. I've just got a ticket for tomorrow. I will go there again. I also had an unsuccessful call with one interesting company today. so, I am a bit depressed. I hate all that bullshit that is related to my country. It is really hard to live in this atmosphere. but anyway I got money to my Armenian account. It's really cool. But it is maybe first time when money doesn't make me happy.

# 13 April 2022

Today I visited the authorities and it was just a waste of time. I am going to visit them tomorrow again, and Maybe I will achieve something. I also have got an interesting offer from DrSmile. They just offered me stocks. It's very interesting. My mood is still not good. I am trying to fix it. I also had a couple of interviews with companies. The first one was quite interesting, but unfortunately they doesn't offer fully remote job. Other company was just waste of time. Very poor idea.

# 14 April 2022

I've already handed over my fingerprints and retina. I hope my new passport will be ready soon. I also got an email from Chis. He is the SEO of DrSmile. They just offered me equity. i will be around 40000 euros. Good sum, I think. In fact I have to sleep with it. 

# 15 April 2022

Today is saturday which is nice. I've got a new Riffisen bank card that is needed for sending money from Armenia to Russia. Unfortunately inbuilt insurance quite bad, I think I have to be without it. Anyway I need the bank account. Afternoon I met my protesist. He's made a cast of teeth. Hopefully I will have a new tooth next week. I also going to Rzhev in two weeks. I like this place very much. 

# 16 April 2022

I've recorded another one audio diary file today. I had a great trip in my car. It was a good thing. The bad thing is that airbnb blocked me on site. I can see everything, but I cannot rent an apartment. It's sad, and I cannot fix it by myself. I've just texted customer support, hopefully the will fix it. At the same time tomorrow my vacation is going to start officially.

# 17 April 2022

I've done a lot of stuff today. I almost finished with my english hometask which is great. I also closed my accounts in Tinkoff. I've looked for tires. I also started using todoist, which is an amazing service for todo lists. Now I am just tired. Anyway Today I have not only good things, but also inconveniences. I cannot use Airbnb anymore because of my citizenship. I think they are nazists and even if their system was designed this way. I mean strong relation to citizenship. they could figure out something in order to help russians and belarussian who want to leave countries. But it is not so important for the Airbnb corporation. I know that they can, because I am a programmer and I am very good at this topic. anyway, god will be a judge for them.

I really think a lot about Canada. I believe it will be a better place for immigration. I do not want to live in Russia anymore. I was disappointed.

# 18 April 2022

Today I've finished several deals. I've got a new Raiffeisen MIR card. I also had interesting interviews with 2 companies. One of them was the Colibri company, the other was InsideOut. It was nice. I also visited KT and took a 3D picture of my jaws. 

Ineco bank did not want to make a payment for 5,000 euros. I had to call them and explain that I was not using them as a transit bank and I was going to live in Armenia. 

I'll probably get a new tooth tomorrow. Also, I counted my bills, after I convert the money into rubles, I will pay them.

# 19 April 2022

# 20 April 2022

# 21 April 2022

# 22 April 2022

# 23 April 2022

Today is my birthday 

# 24 April 2022

I've missed the last several days, because I do not know what I can say. I had a couple of interviews and other stuff. I am also going to write a big article about this next week. I need to publish something to substack and medium. I also gpint to record my first article of substack as a podcast. Today I drove to Rzhev. I will be there in the evening. By the way, I've celebrated my birthday very well. Me, Ksusha and Nastya had a great time in a restaurant. I love them. It was very nice. 

Well, I am in Rzhev. The road was very smooth. 6.30 hours and I am here. It's nice. Tomorrow I have a lot of tasks. I think there will be plenty of things to write here.

I am also going to start learning the Armenian alphabet. It will be hard.

# 25 April 2022

I've done a lot of tasks today. I recorded another car podcast. I also prepared a lot of stuff for 3 calls that I will have this week. I had a couple of calls with banks and to the tax office. The last one is a terrible bullshit place. Tinkoff's bank account has been closed. I also had a call to sberbank, cause it's impossible to understand where my stocks are. I think I will just sell them after founding. I really do not remember everything I've done. But this day was is very productive

# 26 April 2022

I just talked with Koppla. I think they are silly. But maybe they will break the market.


# 27 April 2022

Today I had an interview with ClimatePartner. It was quite an interesting code challenge. I think I failed it. Anyway It was just a test, no more. I also recorded a small car podcast. So, this day was calm.

# 28 April 2022

InsideOut cto is a very nice man. I had a very cool interview. I cannot expect success, but I have a hope. ClimatePartner and Koppla want me for the last interview turn. I don't think that they will be successful. Let's see. What else? I cleaned my ears. I've got presents from Yulia and Arseniy. Something like this.


# 29 April 2022

I've recorded my first car podcast in English. That was great. I could talk in English for an hour. I even thought in this foreigh language. I also made a decision to cancel working on a book. I do not have time for it. I will come back to this topic in the future. But I still want to write texts. I will do this. Also, I do not want to write texts in russian anymore. I is just waste of time. I will continue working on projects as well as on an amazing list. I will add that tasks to my schedule tomorrow. Today's morning I had an interview for promotion to Engineering manager Front end. That was nice. I do not think that I will get this role. But maybe. So, Tomorrow I am going to banya. Yeap. Me an Ksusha made a holiday for Arseniy. Sweets, cafee, playing table tennis. I hope he will remember this day.

# 30 April 2022

I've got presents from Ksusha's mom.! Now I have a tea bar and that's great!